/Users/claire/Library/Mobile Documents/com~apple~CloudDocs/Voicememo/Benchmark_english/en_iphone_30min_technical.m4a : this is a live lecture recording. it's about AI / computer science. it's an undergraduate lecture at Stanford, i recorded on my macbook i believe. the sound is slightly distant and the speaker has a not so strong accent
/Users/claire/Library/Mobile Documents/com~apple~CloudDocs/Voicememo/Benchmark_english/en_iphone_30min_research_talk.m4a :this is a live lecture recording. it's about AI. it's high quality and very clear recording. the speaker has a very slight acces but it's super clear
/Users/claire/Library/Mobile Documents/com~apple~CloudDocs/Voicememo/Benchmark_english/en_anker_20min_podcast.ogg: this is a recording from a video. so i'm playing podcast on my phone in my car and the other device recorded the sound. it's a podcast about AI. the sound quality is good, with slight sound from a moving car
/Users/claire/Library/Mobile Documents/com~apple~CloudDocs/Voicememo/Benchmark_english/en_iphone_15min_lecture.m4a: this is a live lecture recording. it's about AI. the audio recording is good. but there is a very strong typing noise in the audio. the speaker has no accent 
/Users/claire/Library/Mobile Documents/com~apple~CloudDocs/Voicememo/Benchmark_english/en_iphone_15min_ai_agents.m4a: this is a live lecture recording. it's about AI agents. the audio recording is of pretty bad quality (the device is probably moving a bit). the speaker has a strong indian restaurant. sometimes it's hard for me to understand. sometimes the sound is muffled
/Users/claire/Library/Mobile Documents/com~apple~CloudDocs/Voicememo/Benchmark_english/en_iphone_7min_openai_revenue.m4a : this is a voice recording of myself. i'm speaking very clearly. it's a mental note. i have a slight accent in english. there is some car sound (in a moving car) but it's pretty clear
/Users/claire/Library/Mobile Documents/com~apple~CloudDocs/Voicememo/Benchmark_english/en_iphone_6min_answers.m4a: this is a live recording of a conference. the speaker has some accent. the recording quality is not too good but i can hear quite clearly 
/Users/claire/Library/Mobile Documents/com~apple~CloudDocs/Voicememo/Benchmark_english/en_iphone_3min_lrm.m4a: this is a live recording of a conference. the speaker has some accent. it's occassionally muffled, audio recording quality is not too good 